For this project, I uploaded the Parkinson's dataset, and explored and studied its characteristics. A compute is created and used to access a jupyter notebook. In the 'Hyperparameter_Tuning' notebook, all libraries needed are imported, and an experiment container is created for the project. The hyperdrive's parameters are indicated, showing the parameter sampler, hyperparameters, script run configuration and the hyperdrive configuration. The hyperdrive experiment is then run and completed, displaying a couple of runs and their corresponding primary metric, and hyperparameters. I then print out the best run from the experiment with an accuracy of 0.8909 and its hyperparameters. The best run is then registered to the model name 'hyperdrive_model'. Another jupyter notebook is designed to launch an automl experiment, train a new model and compare both results. In this notebook, all libraries are imported, and an experiment folder is created. The required dataset is imported from the workspace for use. Automl settings and configuration are set up, and the run is initiated. With the run completed, the metric for each pipeline is displayed and the best selected for model deployment. The model registered is deployed with the help of the azure container instance since it had an accuracy of 95%, with comparison measured higher than that of the hyperdrive model. The service is successfully created and in the state 'Healthy'. The service details are put on display, indicating the model used, its Swagger URI, and the details on its application insights. Both models are seen to be registered, and metrics for the deployed model and hyperdrive model are displayed to help with easy comparison. A sample request is sent to the endpoint and predicts '1' which indicates the presence of the disease. Other responses are made including, status_code which indicates 200, meaning service is ok. To conclude the experiment, the service and compute cluster are deleted.

 
